CNF-6516: NTO: Enable PerformanceProfile (#1782)
openshift/hypershift: docs/content/how-to/performance-profiling.md

# Manage node-level performance profiling with Performance Profile Controller

## Intro

The `Performance Profile controller`, formerly known as `Performance-Addon Operator`, is now part of `Node Tuning Operator`.
[Performance Profile controller](https://github.com/openshift/cluster-node-tuning-operator/blob/master/docs/performanceprofile/performance_controller.md) allows you to optimize nodes in your hosted cluster for applications sensitive to CPU and network latency.

In HyperShift, node profiling can be configured by creating ConfigMaps which contain [`PerformanceProfile`](https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.11/rest_api/node_apis/performanceprofile-performance-openshift-io-v2.html) objects, and referencing these ConfigMaps in your NodePools.

## Steps

1. Create a ConfigMap which contains a valid `PerformanceProfile` manifest and reference it in a NodePool.

>    The example `PerformanceProfile` manifests defines many profiling parameters like which cpus could be used for workload pods or which ones only for house keeping activities, also enforce a `single-numa-node` topology, etc.

Reviewer: I'm not sure what you mean by "profiling" in this context. Here is an alternative wording which may be more clear. It might be nice if you could add more explanation for the other settings here as well.
```suggestion
   The example `PerformanceProfile` manifest defines several parameters like how to partition your CPUs into housekeeping and workload partitions, what topology policy to use, and more.
```

    ```yaml
    apiVersion: hypershift.openshift.io/v1alpha1
    kind: NodePool
    metadata:
      ...
      name: nodepool-1
      namespace: clusters
    ...
    spec:
      ...
      tunedConfig:
      - name: perfprof-1
    status:
    ...
    ```

    > **_NOTE:_**  Remember one NodePool can only reference at most one `PerformanceProfile`

4. Now that the ConfigMap containing a `PerformanceProfile` manifest has been created and referenced in a NodePool, the Performance Profile Controller will handle the `PerformanceProfile` object and will create the following elements:
    - `MachineConfig`: This will be embedded into a ConfigMap that will be handled by NTO as any other ConfigMap with MachineConfig embedded (see [this PR](https://github.com/openshift/hypershift/pull/1729) for further info)
    - `KubeletConfig`: This will be embedded into a ConfigMap that will be handled by NTO in a simillar way as a ConfigMap with a MachineConfig embedded
    - `Tuned`: This will be embedded into a ConfigMap and so handled directly by the NTO.

>     - `RuntimeClass`: TBD

Author: Yep, it will be created directly in the guest cluster using a different kubeconfig. 
I need to update the document.
Thanks for pointing it.
